.\" gdm.1 - GNOME Display Manager
.\" Copyright 2003  Red Hat, Inc.
.TH GDM 1 "Aug 21 2003" "GDM 2.4.2.102"
.SH NAME
GDM \- The GNOME Display Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gdm [options]
.br
.B gdm-binary [options]
.br
.B gdmsetup [options]
.br
.B gdm-stop
.br
.B gdm-restart
.br
.B gdm-safe-restart
.SH DESCRIPTION
GDM is a replacement for XDM, the X Display Manager. Unlike its
competitors (X3DM, KDM, WDM) GDM was written from scratch and
does not contain any original XDM / X Consortium code.  GDM runs and
manages the X servers for both local and remote logins (using XDMCP).
See http://www.jirka.org/gdm.html for more details.
.P
.B gdm
is just a script that runs the actual
.B gdm-binary
executable.
.B gdm-stop
is a script that stops the current running daemon immediately,
.B gdm-restart
restarts the current daemon immediately and
.B gdm-safe-restart
restarts the current daemon after everyone has logged out.
.B gdmsetup
is a graphical tool for easily changing the most commonly
used options.
.P
For full documentation see the GNOME help browser
under the
.B GNOME / System
section.
.SH OPTIONS
.B gdm
and thus also
.B gdm-binary
accept the following options:
.TP
.BI \-nodaemon
Do not fork into the background
.TP
.BI \-\-no\-console
No console (local) servers to be run
.TP
.BI \-\-preserve\-ld\-vars
Preserve LD_* variables
.TP
.BI \-\-version
Print the GDM version
.TP
.BI \-\-help
Print simple description of accepted options
.P
.B gdmsetup
accepts all standard GNOME options.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is done either by running
.B gdmsetup
or by editting the /etc/X11/gdm/gdm.conf (usually,
could also be /etc/gdm/gdm.conf) file.  The graphical
tool does not support all the options possible so
editting the configuration file is sometimes necessary.
.SH AUTHOR
.B GDM
is being written and maintained by George (Jiri) Lebl <jirka@5z.com>
based on the original codebase by Martin K. Peterson <mkp@mkp.net>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (7x),
.BR xdm (1),
.BR Xsecurity (7x),
.BR Xserver (1),
